Implemented string upper/lower case assertions (#1357)
fluentassertions/fluentassertions: docs/_pages/releases.md

* Added `AllBe` to `StringCollectionAssertions` to be able to assert that all strings in collection are equal to the specified string - [#1332](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/1332).
* Added `ForConstraint` method to `AssertionScope` to open up `OccurenceConstraint` for usage in custom assertion extensions - [#1341](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/1341).
* Added `NotContainInOrder` to `CollectionAssertions` and `StringCollectionAssertions` to be able to assert that the collection does not contain the specified elements in the exact same order, not necessarily consecutive - [#1339](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/1339).

> * Added `[Not]BeUpperCase` and `[Not]BeLowerCase` to `StringAssertions` to be able to assert that a string is in upper or lower casing or not - [#1357](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/1357).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `[Not]BeUpperCased` and `[Not]BeLowerCased` to `StringAssertions` to be able to assert that a string is in upper or lower casing or not - [#1357](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/1357).
```
